Merge Support Policy with Version info (#8758)
istio/istio.io: content/en/about/supported-releases/index.md

icon: cadence
---

This page lists the status, timeline and policy for currently supported releases. Supported releases of Istio include releases that are in the active
maintenance window and are patched for security and bug fixes. Subsequent patch releases on a minor release do not contain backward incompatible
changes.

* [Support Policy](#support-policy)
* [Naming scheme](#naming-scheme)
* [Support status of Istio releases](#support-status-of-istio-releases)
* [Releases without known Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs)](#releases-without-known-Common-Vulnerabilities-and Exposures)

## Support policy

We produce new builds of Istio for each commit. Around once a quarter, we build a minor release and

> run through several additional tests as well as release qualification. We issue patch releases for issues found in minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run through several additional tests as well as release qualification. We release patch versions for issues found in minor
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/8991/files

releases.

> The different types represent a different product quality level and different level of support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The various types of releases represent a different product quality level and level of assistance 
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/8991/files

> from the Istio team. In this context, *support* means that we will produce patch releases for critical issues and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the Istio community. In this context, *support* means that the community will patch releases for critical issues and
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/8991/files

icon: cadence
---

This page lists the status, timeline and policy for currently supported releases. Supported releases of Istio include releases that are in the active
maintenance window and are patched for security and bug fixes. Subsequent patch releases on a LTS release do not contain backward incompatible
changes.

* [Support Policy](#support-policy)
* [Naming scheme](#naming-scheme)
* [Support status of Istio releases](#support-status-of-istio-releases)
* [Releases without known Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs)](#releases-without-known-Common-Vulnerabilities-and Exposures) 

## Support policy

> We produce new builds of Istio for each commit. Around once a quarter or so, we build a Long Term Support (LTS) release,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We produce new builds of Istio for each commit. Around once a quarter, we build a Long Term Support (LTS) release and run through several additional tests as well as release qualification. We issue patch releases for issues found in LTS releases. 
```

Reviewer 3: I think the "LTS" is a misleading term, since it implies there is some short term supported releases, when there is not. I would just say something like "we build a release" or "we build an official release" or similar

Reviewer 2: Agree. I would really like to see us move away from the term LTS as it causes a lot of confusion for users who expect LTS to mean something similar to Ubuntu and others who use the term. However, I think whether we call it LTS or not is beyond this PR.

Author: Removed LTS in favor of "minor" release. We can get more guidance from the TOC in this PR.

Reviewer 2: That would be awesome. Thanks!

and run through a bunch more tests and release qualification. Finally, if we find something wrong with an
LTS release, we issue patches.

> The different types represent different product quality levels and different levels of support

Reviewer 3: I feel like "security patches" deserves an explicit mention as well

Author: Added

from the Istio team. In this context, *support* means that we will produce patch releases for critical issues and
offer technical assistance. Separately, 3rd parties and partners may offer longer-term support solutions.

|Type              | Support Level                                            | Quality and Recommended Use
|------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------
|Development Build | No support                                               | Dangerous, may not be fully reliable. Useful to experiment with.
|LTS Release       | Support is provided until 3 months after the next LTS    | Safe to deploy in production. Users are encouraged to upgrade to these releases as soon as possible.

> |Patches           | Same as the corresponding Snapshot/LTS release           | Users are encouraged to adopt patch releases as soon as they are available for a given release.

Reviewer 3: "snapshot" does not exist anymore

Author: Removed all references to "snapshot"

You can find available releases on the [releases page](https://github.com/istio/istio/releases),
and if you're the adventurous type, you can learn about our development builds on the [development builds wiki](https://github.com/istio/istio/wiki/Dev%20Builds).
You can find high-level releases notes for each LTS release [here](/news).

## Naming scheme

Our naming scheme for LTS releases is:

{{< text plain >}}

> <major>.<minor>.<LTS patch level>

Reviewer 3: nit:

```suggestion
<major>.<minor>.<patch>
```

The other format feels awkward?

Author: That's a lot better.

{{< /text >}}

where `<minor>` is increased for every LTS release, and `<LTS patch level>` counts the number of patches for the
current LTS release. A patch is usually a small change relative to the LTS.

> For snapshot releases, our naming scheme is:

Reviewer 4: We never talk about snapshot releases above. Either remove here or add to the table.

Author: Removed

{{< text plain >}}
<major>.<minor>-alpha.<sha>
{{< /text >}}

where `<major>.<minor>` represent the next LTS, and
`<sha>` represents the git commit the release is built from.

## Support status of Istio releases

> | Version         | Currently Supported   | Release Date      | End of Life       | Supported Kubernetes Versions | Untested, but may work on Kubernetes Versions |

Author: Just want to make sure the naming "unofficial" k8s versions is clear. We may need to define it as part of this document in the previous section

|-----------------|-----------------------|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| master          | No, development only  |                   |                   |                               |                                               |
| 1.9             | N/A                   | TBD               |                   | 1.17, 1.18, 1.19, 1.20        | 1.15, 1.16                                    |
| 1.8             | Yes                   | November 10, 2020 |                   | 1.16, 1.17, 1.18, 1.19        | 1.15                                          |

> | 1.7             | Yes                   | August 21, 2020   |                   | 1.16, 1.17, 1.18              | 1.15                                          |

Reviewer 4: We know the EOL should be 3 months post 11/10/20 although we aren't there yet.

Reviewer 3: I recommend putting the expected EOL date for the ones that are active (with a comment that its expected)

Author: Added, let me know what you think.
